Hey husband
That trash is really dead today
Xu San's subordinates are all outlaws
He must die
Haha, in this case, as long as the trash is gone.
Lin Zhiwei has to recognize our soldiers
Sooner or later, Lin's will fall into our hands
As long as we control Lin's
Then you and the moon behind you
Some things cannot be said lightly
Husband understands
Then we will talk to Wu Yong tomorrow.
The matter of marrying the early morning moon into our house
Well this way I can only play the person behind the show
It's a sad coincidence today
Wu Yong, no matter how much he hates me
You can't have the guts
Taking such a big risk to kidnap a cliff
Hello
Help me investigate which one is Linshui Yinbian today.
detail
Wait a minute, Mr. Shen
We found
Behind this
Will have a relationship with a man named Huang Renyi
Ok, I know.
Huang Renyi
Looks like I have to come to you